fix(doc): open tcp port 5370 in firewall settings (#693)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/advanced/cluster.md

```

## Firewall settings
If the environment variable WITH_EPMD=1 is set in advance, the epmd (listening port 4369) will be enabled for node discovery when emqx is started, which is called `epmd mode`.

> If the environment variable WITH_EPMD is not set, epmd is not enabled when emqx is started, and emqx ekka is used for node discovery, which is also the default method of node discovery  after version 4.0. This is called `ekka mode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the environment variable WITH_EPMD is not set, epmd is not enabled when emqx is started, and emqx ekka is used for node discovery, which is also the default method of node discovery  since version 4.0. This is called `ekka mode`.
```

**epmd mode：**

> If there is a firewall between cluster nodes, the firewall needs to open TCP port of 4369 and a TCP port segment. 4369 is used by the epmd port for mapping service. The TCP port segment is used to establish connection and communication between nodes.

Reviewer: I'd recommend to rephrase like this
```suggestion
If there is a firewall between cluster nodes, the firewall needs to open TCP port 4369 for each node, to allow peers query each other's listening port. The firewall should also allow nodes connecting to port in configurable range from `node.dist_listen_min` to `node.dist_listen_max` (inclusive, default is `6369` for both) 
```

then there is no need for the lines from 319 to 325

After setting up the firewall, you need to configure the same port segment in `emqx/etc/emqx.conf` :

```bash
## Distributed node port range
node.dist_listen_min = 6369
node.dist_listen_max = 7369
```

> **ekka mode（Default mode after version 4.0）：**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ekka mode（Default mode since version 4.0）：**
```

> If there is a firewall between the cluster nodes, then we don't need to care
> about the settings about `node.dist_listen_min` and `node.dist_listen_max`, we
> need to open the TCP port 4370 and 5370 instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `ekka` mode, the port mapping is conventional, but not dynamic as in `epmd` mode.
The configurations `node.dist_listen_min` and `node.dist_listen_max` take no effect in this case.
If there is a firewall between the cluster nodes, the conventional listening port should be allowed
for nodes to connect each other. See below for port mapping rule in `ekka` mode.
```

> However, if the node name specified by the `node.name` configuration has a
> numeric suffix (Offset), you need to open the TCP port 4370 + Offset and
> 5370 + Offset.
> 
> For example:
> 
> ```
> node.name = emqx-1@192.168.0.12
> ```
> 
> Then you need to open TCP port 4371 and 5371.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Erlang distribution port mapping rule in `ekka` mode: `ListeningPort = BasePort + Offset`,
where `BasePort` is 4370 (which is not made configurable), and `Offset` is the numeric suffix of the node's name. If the node name does not have a numeric suffix, `Offsset` is 0.
For example, having `node.name = emqx@192.168.0.12` in `emqx.conf` should make the
node listen on port `4370`, and port  `4371` for `emqx1` (or `emqx-1`), and so on.
```
